okay so a lot of businesses I speak to
are frightened or nervous about sharing
their pricing on their website this is
usually service based companies because
they tell me their pricing is quite
custom quite bespoke so usually I will
Point them to our own site webtoysuk.com
and if we go I'll give you two examples
so if we go to our pricing page for our
SEO search engine optimization
in this case straight away on the page
I'll let you steal our entire format
it's on our SEO pricing page we give a
overview of some of the main benefits
that you'll get from a monthly SEO plan
some of the key points that people care
about seeing will give you a starting
range so we'd literally say look our
prices start from 1500 a month they go
up depending on whether you're a startup
of your Enterprise you want a larger
scale plan and then you can request a
tailored quote which is a CTA button
will take you to a contact page so you
can get in touch and speak to a sales
rep
straight away we're backing up what
we're saying with some social proof so
in our case we've got some client
testimonial videos here
we're backing up a bit more so we're
saying look we've got page one rankings
ourselves we back practice what we
preach a little bit of spiel about what
we rank for
now we're breaking down the work so in
your case you could break down the
workflow of what is actually made up so
people can click these drop downs and it
tells you in our case what the on-site
NS off-site SEO practices actually
entail
then I've got a summary video of how we
do SEO so in your case you could put a
summary video of the work that you do so
it's going to answer some people's
questions
and then I've got some more FAQs in our
case we answer these with videos so a
lot of people ask us kind of how long
does it take to get results can you
guarantee results we've got videos that
address these common questions to think
about the common questions you get on
calls with clients with customers with
sales prospects and answer those there
and then lastly we've got some
testimonials here to some happy clients
we've done SEO for
and then some brand logos that we work
with and again other call to actions for
people to give us a call or get in touch
so that's one option which is a starting
from rate
and then secondly we've got the bracket
option so if you go to our website
pricing
we've kind of got different rates so
basic web design template from 2.5 more
custom web design from 7K for more
bespoke projects if you want a lead gen
site they start at 5K
we've got our e-commerce rates from 5K
hosting rates hourly rates so you get
quite a range here so people can quickly
skim work out if that's within their
budget and if they want to get in touch
they can again we're backing it up with
a bit more of how our process works so
you can talk about a process in our case
we say look we have a discovery call to
see if we're a good fit to help you
understand your goals and objectives and
then we can put together a tailored plan
we've got some testimonial videos again
for some web design clients we've got
some links to our podcasts and articles
I've got a video dedicated to how much
it costs to build a website and why and
then we've got some more FAQs which
we've answered would visit video around
common questions that we get around
how we design projects How We Do B2B
websites what you should consider before
doing a website and then again backing
everything up with some reviews some
client stories some client logos and
then clear call to actions so hopefully
this gives you some insight into if
you're a bit nervous around sharing your
pricing perhaps you're not a SAS model
with kind of clear monthly pricing
perhaps your products or services are
more bespoke hopefully this gives you
some ideas that you can steal for your
own pricing page on your website cheers